docs: Update positioning in README and SKILL.md (#10)
paradedb/agent-skills: SKILL.md

# ParadeDB Skill

ParadeDB adds Elasticsearch-quality full-text search, vector retrieval, and

> aggregations to Postgres via the `pg_search` extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ParadeDB is one Postgres that unifies your application data, full-text search, vector retrieval, and aggregations via the `pg_search` extension.
```
